hello my little lovers
historicity Murazor with you and so
we continue to review the latest just
branch of the British tower potential
they have almost all cars except archer
archer porosto crown of development under sa in
world, he goes backwards at the same time it
it just need to adore
machines apart from any competition at all
i told you about archer like you already
know about heelys told here and
turn came we to Challenger
more correct to call it a miracle of technology in
us challenger to roger forcibly
the module has a name
avenger or venture how to
to talk straight how to lead the movie tilida
about american superheroes
that's actually what this is for
the unit is again a remake and a girl
medium tank cromwell
comets except the original differ from
Who is more than one big kromwell
rollers yes actually
avenger is a car of one project with
challenger and here is a manger
as for me it would be preferable but
we have his tower in my stock she
we have this building from us
Challenger mind adventure game corps was lower
As you can see improved gera such there is
setting over my body on the pics
she really seemed bigger plus y
towers and totally vents
but can tanker farts a lot more
something someone may know and peas there
fed well I can't find out but for some reason
it did well or obviously incredible
a lot of powder gases were after
shots too hard to guess
probably the challenger itself was
higher so because of the tower and over here
this one is this superstructure on the body
and you jack was not
same up to the manager module with us
used as stock but
maybe in the future I wouldn't mind
see exactly
and jingling in our game can be
straight at 7 logon below he's cool
so here's an amusing and generally Tanchiki
now let 's another way all of a sudden about
what kind of tank is he
represents he drives like a village to
that you already think your own
I have already got a gun here
incredibly given a 17-pound is the same as
And on the fifth they caught on the sixth she a bit
different tth may be minimal
by rate of fire
by stabilization is pretty obvious but
if on the fifth they fought and on the sixth
conditionally this gun is enough for us
given 6 we can still 170 they
breaking through our there this rate here but on
seventh 171 176 you can have flown from me
head doesn't matter well come on ruler here
good but the seventh caught
alpha we have 155 well, as wbr throws
about 150
say it is not enough then someone can with
I do not agree that it is not enough but I
I say that it is not enough to break through
few
alpha little tower turns
slowly and by the tank is small
actually in the rush british on this
brought out the same weapon before you
at least a little different about the confusion matrix
money can be rate of fire but there
the tower turns quickly
noticeably faster and it saves
here there is no such a big shed
there is not much like on pt
because in similar it is even in t25
2 I also hated about 175
punch I practiced gave battle was such a boule
we have 240 alpha
considering that every t25 hotel from panther
all go quietly with a breakthrough 200 alpha
300 320 if to be exact in general everyones and
drying all sorts of drying and doing that
scary things with their 150 2
these most millimeter well
carries the enemy tanks to pieces and
because they could probably a little bit
guess it . painfully liked
Of course on previous fishing this gun
then she is quite good at herself
flea but firefly certainly didn't like it and
In principle, it is clear why this
separate topic she is not bad on feliciano
norms on
archery but she already
Feels bad on Challenger
yes precisely because little alpha and
the break through is still quite good
especially on the goldie yet
don't drag that is new hold and that's enough
debts of 320 or 302 it does not matter and you
you shoot you fart if to be exactly 130
135 155 not really much well
here there is such an opinion and it would be better here
there was some other gun at
but what the British option of course
a little here 20 pounds to eat which
on the next tanks we have something that 84 meter
ninety-three millimeters understandable
that with them in licking in this tower would be
giant problems will not just not
got in but something had to be thought up and with
you grieve . 7 left la with such a gun
it is not very good to eat of course
dramatically
perhaps no obvious solution was possible
this name st
thats just more barn suit than his
analogue
on the seventh laval and kids medium tanks
with a few other parameters gun but
here is the turret rotation speed for this tank
really not enough because such a gun
same as the average tank of his veins
with virtually no
I do not say pluses that you will be right
terrible to suffer and there all night
sob over this tank maybe not but
the pain will believe me especially the show
Komi there will generally be all pretty
and sad well why not cry guys
like and subscribe to the channel
Thank you for your attention and
new meetings yet bye